Group Name: Grumpy Orc
Members: James Crabtree(jbc2978)

Now that I am finished with the project, I am pretty happy with what I was able to produce.
My goal was to create a working card game with a monte carlo tree search AI and I accomplished that.
It was a really interesting problem to work on that ended up being really complex because of 
all the cases that I had to consider, but I think I ended up finding a fairly elegant recursive
solution. I had to develop the system entirely from scratch with only the theory since I 
really couldn't find any examples of someone solving a similar problem in Unity and I had 
to consider many factors specific to my game.

This was my main reference for the project:
https://jeffbradberry.com/posts/2015/09/intro-to-monte-carlo-tree-search/

Some problems that I ran into along the way were that I had underestimated the amount of time it
would take to implement the game's controls. I had to do a lot of work to maintain enough state
for each card and the game as a whole to determine what actions a player was trying to do when they
were clicking a card. They could be trying to drag it to the board, selecting it to use an 
ability on it, selecting it for attack, etc. I think that I did a pretty good job of solving
this problem so that actions require minimal player input without frustation, but the time
I spent on this did significantly take away from other things like animation, sound, and 
networking. Another problem that I had when working on AI was the extremely high computational
load that this caused.  If I were to do this project again, I probably would have picked 
Ogre for my engine, because I believe that heap allocation in my functions contributed 
significantly to this problem.  Finally, I noticed on demo day that many people, including
those that had played hearthstone in the past were struggling to understand what was happening 
on the board so I would have liked to improve my UI  by adding better indicators for when you need
to use an ability, more information displayed directly on the card, etc.

Overall, though I feel that I managed to accomplish the goal of creating an intelligent AI that 
is capable of making decisions and I'm really proud of my progress in such a short period of time

